CONTIRBUTION.md, before:

# Guide for Contributing

## Stack
-   Use of modern [CMake](https://cmake.org/) for much easier compiling
-   Setup for tests using [doctest](https://github.com/onqtam/doctest)
-   Continuous testing with [Travis-CI](https://travis-ci.org/), [Appveyor](https://www.appveyor.com) and [GitHub Actions](https://github.com/features/actions), with support for C++17.
-   Code coverage reports, including automatic upload to [Coveralls.io](https://coveralls.io/) and/or [Codecov.io](https://codecov.io)
-   Code documentation with [Doxygen](http://www.stack.nl/~dimitri/doxygen/)

## Structure
Sources go in [src/](src/), header files in [include/](include/), main programs in [app/](app), and
tests go in [tests/](tests/) (compiled to `unit_tests` by default).

If you add a new executable, say `app/hello.cpp`, you only need to add the following two lines to [CMakeLists.txt](CMakeLists.txt):

``` cmake
add_executable(hello app/hello.cpp)   # Name of exec. and location of file.
target_link_libraries(hello PRIVATE ${LIBRARY_NAME})  # Link the executable to lib built from src/*.cpp (if it uses it).
```

You can find the example source code that builds the `main` executable in [app/main.cpp](app/main.cpp) under the `Build` section in [CMakeLists.txt](CMakeLists.txt).
If the executable you made does not use the library in [src/](src), then only the first line is needed.

## Services

If the repository is activated with Travis-CI, then unit tests will be built and executed on each commit.
The same is true if the repository is activated with Appveyor.

If the repository is activated with Coveralls/Codecov, then deployment to Travis will also calculate code coverage and
upload this to Coveralls.io and/or Codecov.io

Commit message:

feat(pybind): wrapper for AI gym

CONTIRBUTION.md, after:

# Guide for Contributing

## Stack
-   Use of modern [CMake](https://cmake.org/) for much easier compiling
-   Setup for tests using [doctest](https://github.com/onqtam/doctest)
-   Continuous testing with [Travis-CI](https://travis-ci.org/), [Appveyor](https://www.appveyor.com) and [GitHub Actions](https://github.com/features/actions), with support for C++17.
-   Code coverage reports, including automatic upload to [Coveralls.io](https://coveralls.io/) and/or [Codecov.io](https://codecov.io)
-   Code documentation with [Doxygen](http://www.stack.nl/~dimitri/doxygen/)
-   OR-Tools library for LP
-   AI gym for environments
-   Pybind11 for Python binding

## Structure
Sources go in [src/](src/), header files in [include/](include/), main programs in [app/](app), and
tests go in [tests/](tests/) (compiled to `unit_tests` by default).

If you add a new executable, say `app/hello.cpp`, you only need to add the following two lines to [CMakeLists.txt](CMakeLists.txt):

``` cmake
add_executable(hello app/hello.cpp)   # Name of exec. and location of file.
target_link_libraries(hello PRIVATE ${LIBRARY_NAME})  # Link the executable to lib built from src/*.cpp (if it uses it).
```

You can find the example source code that builds the `main` executable in [app/main.cpp](app/main.cpp) under the `Build` section in [CMakeLists.txt](CMakeLists.txt).
If the executable you made does not use the library in [src/](src), then only the first line is needed.

## Pybind
The root file of the python `rats` package is `pybind/interface.cpp`.
The structer of directory `include/pybind` mirrors the structure of `include` directory.
It is possible to use `pybind` to use python classes in C++ code. See `inclue/envs/frozen_lake.hpp` for an example.

## Services

If the repository is activated with Travis-CI, then unit tests will be built and executed on each commit.
The same is true if the repository is activated with Appveyor.

If the repository is activated with Coveralls/Codecov, then deployment to Travis will also calculate code coverage and
upload this to Coveralls.io and/or Codecov.io
